WEB-2037 new downloadBase64 method (#147)
Telefonica/webview-bridge: README.md

<kbd>App version >=24.10</kbd> <kbd>App version >=24.9 in O2ES</kbd>

Opens the provided file using the download webview mode. The file is provided as
a base64 encoded string.

```ts
downloadBase64: ({contentInBase64: string; fileName: string}) => Promise<void>;
```

-   The file type will be inferred from the `fileName` extension. The file
    extension is mandatory. Take into account that iOS webview won't be able to
    render file types not supported by Safari.

#### Behaviour

##### Android

1. Once file is correctly processed, a "Downloaded" notification is shown in the
   system notifications inbox. System will try to open the file when clicking on
   it.
2. Simultaneously, app will try to open the given file, this may result in 3
   situations:
    - No app that can handle this type of file is available
        - Nothing will happen, user feedback will be just the previous generated
          notification.
    - Multiple apps can handle this type of file
        - System will show a desambiguator window to select the app which will
          be used to open the file.
    - Single app can open this type of file (Or an app is set as default for
      these kind of files)

>         - App will be presented immediatly with the donwloaded content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Downloaded content will be opened using the only available App that supports its extension.
```

Reviewer: The suggestion is a rephrasing that feels more natural to me. If you still prefer the current sentence, please fix `immediatly` and `donowloaded` typos :)
